Yo, this is the young genius in front of you, right?
I don't know what type my little brother likes.
Gentle or different?
Don't go too far
Stay away from my fiancé
I'm going to the toilet
Hey, that doesn't work.
Go ah
I really don't understand
This high
How could Yao fall in love with an ugly duckling like Baimu Kiln?
Yeah, it was brought up by the cleaners since I was a child.
The whole body exudes a poor and sour gas
It's not that people are lucky to have a wealthy father
Not like us
Obviously a good girl but no one cares
Hey, do you think that lamb knows about White Shepherd?
How are you with Dukai?
Definitely don't know
Du Kai and Bai Muyao had a good time
Right?
If Gao Yao knew, she could still talk to her friends about this
Hmph, then Du Kai is not anyone
Boyfriend hello heartbeat